Engineering Interview Assignment
(Golang)
Dear Candidate,
We are pleased to tell you that you have been selected for our T echnical Interview step. As an
engineer in backend, you play a critical role in building the backbone of our application,
ensuring scalability, security, and seamless functionality. We require someone that is able to
write high quality, secure, scalable, and high performance code.
In this assignment, we aim to assess your fundamental computational problem-solving skills and
your capacity to adapt to our technology and standards.
1. Background
Hypothetically, your task will be to develop a simple plantation management and drone patrol
planning software for our customers. This software will enable our customers to record their
plantation estate and palm trees in the system. Our hypothetical customers have unique
requirements: their estates are always square or rectangular, made up of perfect 10x10 meter
square plots. Interestingly, they consistently plant their palm trees right in the center of each
plot. That way the closest distance between trees is always 10 meters.
The provided image above details our plantation modeling method. The length and width
represent the estate's dimensions from West to East and South to North respectively, in
10-meter increments. The depicted estate consists of 18 plots, with a length and width of 60 and
30 meters respectively. It contains five trees, situated in the middle of plots (3,1), (3,2), (4, 2),
(6,2), and (5,3). In addition to the plot location, our system allows customers to record the tree
heights, which can range from 1 to 30 meters. The type of seed used is very unique, causing
the tree heights to always be integers.
MjAyNDA0Mjk= Page 1 of 7
We need the drone to regularly monitor the plots for weeds or pests in our drone planning. Our
customers possess a unique drone that can only fly along one of the three axes at a time:
vertical, east-west, or north-south, in either direction.
The drone pilot will begin the routine at the southwestern-most plot (1,1), regardless of whether
it is empty or has a tree. From there, the drone will move east to the easternmost plot before
moving north one plot. Next, the drone will travel west until it reaches the western-most plot,
then it will move north by one plot. This pattern is repeated until the drone reaches the final plot.
The left part of the image above shows the horizontal traveling pattern.
T o monitor a plot, the drone needs to be precisely 1 meter above the empty plot or tree to get
data. For the first plot, the drone must fly from ground level to a position exactly 1 meter above
the plot or tree to get the data. After monitoring the last plot, the drone should descend back to
ground level. The drone should not crash into a tree in the paths and should follow the minimum
number of axis pivoting.
The right part of the above image shows a sample traveling pattern for an estate with 5x1 size
and 3 trees. The trees are located in plot (2,1), (3, 1), (4, 1) with height 5m, 3m, and 4m
respectively. It shows the total traveling distance is 54 meters, 40 meters horizontally and 14
meters vertically.
Your task is simple, create an algorithm to calculate the total drone traveling distance.
2. Requirements
Below are the functional and non-functional requirements that you need to fulfill.
2.1. Functional Requirements
You are to build a 4 HTTP API endpoints:
2.1.1. POST /estate
This endpoint creates and stores new estate in the database. This will receive two integers
width and length, representing a palm oil plantation estate. The integers will represent the size
MjAyNDA0Mjk= Page 2 of 7
of 10x10m2 plots where a palm tree is planted. For example, the width of 5 and length of 10
represents 50 10x10m2 plots. The integers must be from 1 to 50000.
This endpoint will return status 201 containing data of a string of UUIDv4 representing the
estate. It will return HTTP status 400 if it receives invalid value or format (e.g. negative or zero
value, string, etc).
Below is correct format input/output
2.1.2. POST /estate/<id>/tree
This endpoint stores tree data in a given estate with the ID id. It receives three positive
integers: x, y, and height. The x and y represent the plot location on the West-East and
South-North axis respectively. The height indicates the tree's height, which must range from 1
to 30 meters, inclusive.
This endpoint will return status 201 containing data of a string of UUIDv4 representing the tree.
It will return HTTP status 404 if the estate is not found. Otherwise it returns 400 if it receives
invalid value or format such as coordinate out of bound, plot already has tree, negative number,
zero.
Example of correct format input/output
2.1.3. GET /estate/<id>/stats
This endpoint will simply return the stats of the tree in the estate with ID <id> The stats contains
the count of the trees, max height of the trees if any, min height of the trees if any, median height
of the trees in that estate if any. If the estate has no tree, return 0 for all values. On success it
will return status 200. Otherwise, it will return 404 if the estate is not found.
Example of correct format
MjAyNDA0Mjk= Page 3 of 7
2.1.4. GET /estate/<id>/drone-plan
This endpoint will simply return the sum distance of the drone monitoring travel in the estate
with ID <id>. On success it will return status 200. Otherwise, it will return 404 if the estate is not
found.
Example of correct format
2.1.5. BONUS: GET
/estate/<id>/drone-plan?max
distance=<max
_
_
distance>
This is a bonus task. You don’t have to work on this. But if you do, you must impress us with the
correct answer.
In this bonus task, the endpoint in 2.1.4 will take an additional optional argument,
max
distance. This represents a positive integer indicating the maximum sum of vertical and
_
horizontal distance, in meters, that the drone can travel with its main battery. After reaching this
maximum distance, the drone will do a forced landing with its backup battery and wait for the
pilot to recharge its main battery. If the endpoint receives this argument, it will return rest, which
contains the x, y coordinate of the location where the drone will first land. Here, x and y
represent the positions along the West-East and South-North axes, respectively. If the max
distance is further than the sum of distance, return the last point coordinates.
Should it receive an invalid value of the parameter, it will return HTTP Status Code 404 Bad
Request.
MjAyNDA0Mjk= Page 4 of 7
It will return 404 if the estate is not found.
Example format of the output.
2.2. Non-Functional Requirements
Here are some non-functional requirements that your submission must meet.
2.2.1. Adaptability
You will be working with the same technologies and libraries that we currently use, as you will
be involved in legacy projects. You'll begin with the Starter Project that we will provide. The
technologies currently in use for this project are as follows:
1. Makefile
2. Docker & Docker Compose
3. Go v1.22
4. PostgreSQL
5. OpenAPI v3 & Generated Code
6. GoMock
7. Echo Go Web Framework
You may add additional libraries on top of those libraries but you may not change the intended
library, e.g. from Echo to Gin web framework.
2.2.2. API Definition
You need to write the API Definition using OpenAPI v3 definition in the api.yaml file located in
the project root directory. This file generates the stub code and type definitions, which should be
utilized in your code. A sample Hello World API definition is also provided as a reference. The
API definition has to follow the functional requirements above.
MjAyNDA0Mjk= Page 5 of 7
We are using this OpenAPI as a contract between our backend and apps system. The way it
works, the OpenAPI will be used to generate server stubs and types in the backend and client
and types in the frontend. Once you run the make init you can see the generated OpenAPI
codein the generated directory. You must utilize the generated code since we want to assess
how well you adapted with our existing standard.
2.2.3. Database Design
You need to design and write your database to store and retrieve the estate and tree data. You
need to write the definition in the database.sql file. We will use PostgreSQL as the database.
2.2.4. Testing
We are building a culture of testing in our engineering team. We value candidates who
understand the importance of writing tests. Please write unit tests for your functions and
methods, as well as functional tests for your API endpoints. In the Makefile provided, there are
commands to run the unit. The make test
unit command runs the unit tests. You should aim
_
for at least 70% unit test code coverage.
2.2.5. Code Organization and Readability
Your code will also be evaluated based on the organization and readability. We value clean,
organized code with clear comments and documentation. It's important that your code can be
easily understood by other engineers. Please ensure your variable names are descriptive and
your code follows the Go formatting and style guidelines.
3. Submission Guidelines
Please download the Starter Project in the link below and start your submission from the project.
https://storage.googleapis.com/648010c1-f244-4641-98f2-73ff6c1b4e99/BackendGolangV2024-
20240429.zip
You should be able to finish the task within 5 to 10 hours. The problem set author finished this
within 3 hours.
You have to pack your submission into a single Zip file. Upload the Zip file to the URL
https://www.sawitpro.com/kirim-tugas.
Your code will be reviewed using Ubuntu-based / Mac-based computers. The laptop will have
the following installed
1. Go v1.21
2. Node v20.21
3. Docker v20.10
MjAyNDA0Mjk= Page 6 of 7
4. Makefile
Your code will be run using the already provided command below. The Docker should run the
API in URL http://localhost:8080/
WARNING: We will be testing your code automatically. If it does not pass the above commands
on your own computer, please do not even bother submitting it.
4. Evaluation Criteria
We will evaluate your code based on both the correctness of the functional requirements and
the quality of the non-functional requirements.
Looking forward to receiving your code! Have fun!
MjAyNDA0Mjk= Page 7 of 7